assemblyline/readme.md, before:

Assemblyline
============

A chart to deploy assemblyline.

Note
----

When deployed from this chart each Assemblyline instance must be in its own 
namespace. The chart is deliberately written to fail if this isn't done. 


Parameters
----------

This is a table of configurable parameters for the Assemblyline chart, and also exposes
the system configuration fields under the `configuration.*` mapping.

Some parameters are required:
 - `loggingHost` (probably want to set loggingUsername as well, the password will be drawn from the password secret)
 - `configuration.filestore.cache`
 - `configuration.filestore.storage`

Others have a default, but are likely to be changed:
 - `tlsSecretName`
 - `redisStorageClass`
 - `sharedStorageClass`
 - `configuration.ui.fqdn`


| Parameter                                   | Description                                                                                               | Default
| ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------
| `coreVersion`                               | Override the image tag used for the core assemblyline containers                                          | `4.0.0`
| `uiVersion`                                 | Override the image tag used for the containers that host the ui                                           | `4.0.0`
| `sapiVersion`                               | Override the image tag used for the containers that host the service api                                  | `4.0.0`
| `redisStorageClass`                         | Set the storage class used for redis data persistence                                                     | `default`
| `sharedStorageClass`                        | Set the storage class used for shared data volumes, must support mounting RWX                             | `default`
| `loggingHost`                               | The elasticsearch hostname to write logs to
| `loggingUsername`                           | The username used to connect to the log server                                                            | `elastic`
| `tlsSecretName`                             | The secret which will be given to the ingress for TLS termination <br> (If empty a self signed cert will be generated) | 
| `ingressAnnotations`                        | Annotations to add to the ingress                                       | `{}`
| `coreEnv`                                   | Additional environment variables to add to core containers              | `[]`
| `createAdminAccount`                        | Create an admin account with password drawn from the password secret    | `false`
| `ingressHost`                               | Use this instead of `configuration.ui.fqdn` for the ingress host       |

Commit message:

Add comments and tweak installation flags a little

assemblyline/readme.md, after:

Assemblyline
============

A chart to deploy assemblyline.

Note
----

When deployed from this chart each Assemblyline instance must be in its own 
namespace. The chart is deliberately written to fail if this isn't done. 

Installation
------------

Things to consider while configuring this chart, aside from 
required parameters called out below. Provider specific guides 
should come out sooner or later.

1. Make sure you have an ingress controller and storage classes appropriate 
   for databases and read-write-multiple mounting.
2. Decide where you want files stored, set the appropriate configuration.
3. Enable/disable/configure logging features, (disabled by default).

Parameters
----------

This is a table of configurable parameters for the Assemblyline chart, and also exposes
the system configuration fields under the `configuration.*` mapping.

Some parameters are required:
 - `loggingHost` (probably want to set loggingUsername as well, the password will be drawn from the password secret)
 - `configuration.filestore.cache`
 - `configuration.filestore.storage`

Others have a default, but are likely to be changed:
 - `tlsSecretName`
 - `redisStorageClass`
 - `sharedStorageClass`
 - `configuration.ui.fqdn`


| Parameter                                   | Description                                                                                               | Default
| ------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------
| `coreVersion`                               | Override the image tag used for the core assemblyline containers                                          | `4.0.0`
| `uiVersion`                                 | Override the image tag used for the containers that host the ui                                           | `4.0.0`
| `sapiVersion`                               | Override the image tag used for the containers that host the service api                                  | `4.0.0`
| `redisStorageClass`                         | Set the storage class used for redis data persistence                                                     | `default`
| `sharedStorageClass`                        | Set the storage class used for shared data volumes, must support mounting RWX                             | `default`
| `loggingHost`                               | The elasticsearch hostname to write logs to
| `loggingUsername`                           | The username used to connect to the log server                                                            | `elastic`
| `tlsSecretName`                             | The secret which will be given to the ingress for TLS termination <br> (If empty a self signed cert will be generated) | 
| `ingressAnnotations`                        | Annotations to add to the ingress                                       | `{}`
| `coreEnv`                                   | Additional environment variables to add to core containers              | `[]`
| `createAdminAccount`                        | Create an admin account with password drawn from the password secret    | `false`
| `ingressHost`                               | Use this instead of `configuration.ui.fqdn` for the ingress host       |
